---
title: Getting Started
weight: 2
---

Please check out the [installation guide](/docs/Installation) to install the extension.

<div class="hx-mt-6"></div>

<video width="100%" style="border-radius:8px; overflow:hidden"  autoplay loop muted>
  <source src="/images/install.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

## Chat

{{% steps %}}

### Open the Chat Interface

Press `Ctrl + Shift + A` to open the chat interface.

### Select API provider

Select one of the `API provider` from the dropdown.

### API KEY

Add the `API key` for the corresponding provider.

{{< callout type="info" >}}

The API Key icon changes to green after few seconds indicating the successful connection.

{{< /callout >}}

### Ask Questions

Start asking questions or request code snippets directly from the chat interface.

### Insert Code

`Insert or Copy` code snippets from the Chat directly using code action button.

{{% /steps %}}

## Inline code completion

{{< callout type="warning" >}}

If you are seeing error on the Chat Response, you can check the in [chat Trouble shoot](/docs/guide/code-suggestion).

{{< /callout >}}

{{% steps %}}

### Open Chat Interface

Press `Ctrl + Shift + A` to open the chat interface.

### Open Suggestion Settings

Click the `Code Complete` button on the bottom bar to open settings.

### Enable Code completion

Enable code completion check box to activate inline code suggestions.

### Configure

Select the `Completion Provider` and the available `code completion model`.

### Suggestions

In code Editor, once you stop typing you can see code suggestion generated by AI.

{{% /steps %}}

{{< callout type="warning" >}}

If you are seeing error on the code completion, that is normal.
Follow trouble shooting guide in [code completion Trouble shoot](/docs/guide/code-sAPIuggestion) to fix it.

{{< /callout >}}

{{< cards >}}
  {{< card link="../guide/configuration" title="Configuration" icon="adjustments" >}}
  {{< card link="../guide/chat" title="Chat" icon="chat-alt-2" >}}
  {{< card link="../guide/completion" title="Completion" icon="sort-ascending" >}}
{{< /cards >}}
